new known issue, in review (#792)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/known_issues.md

From the console and Visual Web Terminal, users are unable to search for values that contain an empty space. 

### A saved search in the console might display incorrect value in Visual Web Terminal
<!--1.0.0:1726-->

> If you save your search query, you might see inconsistencies between the number of _Search_ page results and the results from the Visual Web Terminal.

Reviewer: @bcpswope How about this?  I want to make it clear that the _Search_ page shows the correct result.
```suggestion
If you save your search query, you might see incorrect results on Visual Web Terminal when using the command `savedsearches`.  The _Search_ page shows the correct results.
```

Reviewer 2: changed @jlpadilla , please take a look?
